SDK-2062. Process small feedback to our documentation (#1766)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scu/dev/spryker-code-upgrader-in-a-development-workflow.md

## Git flow for code upgrades

The Upgrader tool connects to a selected base branch in your project's repository, like a Development branch. Based on the defined schedule, the Upgrader tool pulls the branch, analyzes the code and creates a pull request with the needed updates. Your development team reviews the branch to merge or close it. For processing the PRs, you can use the process described in [Processing code upgrades with Scrum](#processing-code-upgrades-with-scrum).

{% info_block infoBox "" %}

The Upgrader tool doesn't change existing PRs and creates a new one only after a previous PR was merged or closed.

{% endinfo_block %}

> The Upgrader tool is not influencing your development process. Your development team deploys the updates to a staging environment. After passing all quality processes, the Development branch propagates into your release branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Upgrader tool does not influence your development process. Your development team deploys the updates to a staging environment. After passing all quality processes, the Development branch propagates into your release branch.
```
